New add-on write-up (#968)
ember-learn/ember-blog: content/the-ember-times-issue-180.md

---

> ## New shiny add-ons ✨
>   
> The Ember add-on ecosystem is always expanding and we love to keep you up to date with all of them. So here is a summarized list of the latest add-ons made by the community for the community.

Reviewer: I think addon is usually spelled without a hyphen in the context of Ember.js. (The difference isn't too important.)

```suggestion
## New shiny addons ✨
  
The Ember addon ecosystem is always expanding and we love to keep you up to date with all of them. So here is a summarized list of the latest add-ons made by the community for the community.
```

* [ember-bem-helpers: BEM helpers for Ember.js applications](https://github.com/retailnext/ember-bem-helpers)
* [ember-breadcrumb-trail: Minimalistic but very flexible breadcrumb management solution for Ember applications.](https://github.com/Windvis/ember-breadcrumb-trail)
* [ember-url-hash-polyfill: Support for in/inter page linking / scrolling with hashes in EmberJS](https://github.com/CrowdStrike/ember-url-hash-polyfill)
* [ember-cli-custom-properties: Adds support for CSS custom properties (variables) to components](https://github.com/onehilltech/ember-cli-custom-properties)

> * [ember-statechart-component: Statecharts as components. No classes. Pure declarative state transitions.](https://github.com/NullVoxPopuli/ember-statechart-component)

Reviewer: I think the list format works well. Perhaps let's create links in the following way?

```
* [addon name](external link): description of addon
```
